feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64ff23daf176a92de95f24dc.md

---
id: 64ff23daf176a92de95f24dc
title: Step 53
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-53
---

# --description--

> Using `localStorage.clear()` won't just delete an item from local storage but remove all items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `localStorage.clear()` won't just delete a single item from local storage but will remove all items.
```
